README.md, before:

GameEngines3_Midterm-B

PLEASE NOTE: any pushes 10/28/2021 forward are Internal Documentation
being added as a consequence of not looking closely at the internal documentation enough
also the Workcited that was previously on this page was one that was not being updated enough and 
I have updated it to include all the sources I used and what I used said sources for.

Thank you for taking the time to read this.

Nathan Nguyen - 101268067

UPDATED AS OF: 10/29/2021: 7:39AM EST Toronto Time
 - All Workcited, Readme with upfront Major source usage up to date



Please Note:
A lot of of the mentality behind building this code and how the systems were structured
were thanks to CodeMonkeys tutorials:

https://youtu.be/fxaDBE71UHA - Grid Inventory

https://youtu.be/dulosHPl82A - Grid Building


https://github.com/bryangalani/Unity_TetrisInventory 
- Tetris movement in a Single Inventory, did not have a tutorial so
I learned based off of his code myself. This tied all of CodeMonkeys 
Teachings together


He has links to the actual code that he used in his descriptions and I have linked
the two that I personally installed to take a closer look at in the WorkCited.

Video Presentation: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLY0ddC6KLo




// Previous Takes of the Video

3rd Take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hW0nvUTEbCk

2nd Take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bTC97gZfrNI

1st Take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2qo7n7LNO4I&t=0s

Commit message:

Updated Readme as of 7:50am
- Everything is now up to date!

README.md, after:

GameEngines3_Midterm-B

PLEASE NOTE: any pushes 10/28/2021 forward are Internal Documentation
being added as a consequence of not looking closely at the internal documentation enough
also the Workcited that was previously on this page was one that was not being updated enough and 
I have updated it to include all the sources I used and what I used said sources for.

Thank you for taking the time to read this.

Nathan Nguyen - 101268067

UPDATED AS OF: 10/29/2021: 7:50AM EST Toronto Time
 - All Workcited, Readme with upfront Major source usage up to date
 - Internal Documentation Updated 
 - 



Please Note:
A lot of of the mentality behind building this code and how the systems were structured
were thanks to CodeMonkeys tutorials:

https://youtu.be/fxaDBE71UHA - Grid Inventory

https://youtu.be/dulosHPl82A - Grid Building

https://github.com/bryangalani/Unity_TetrisInventory 
- Tetris movement in a Single Inventory, did not have a tutorial so
I learned based off of his code myself. This tied all of CodeMonkeys 
Teachings together as well as give me an idea of how to put the mentality
to code.


He has links to the actual code that he used in his descriptions and I have linked
the two that I personally installed to take a closer look at in the WorkCited.

Video Presentation: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLY0ddC6KLo




// Previous Takes of the Video

3rd Take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hW0nvUTEbCk

2nd Take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bTC97gZfrNI

1st Take
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2qo7n7LNO4I&t=0s
